Do butterflies sound beautiful?
No, they don't.
Then why did you hope I make them so pretty?
For us, he loves us and wants us to have beauty all around.
Now think of all the different butterflies you've seen.
Awesome!
Did you know that every single butterfly starts out as a caterpillar?
Look how cute they are.
And even before that, the mommy butterfly has to find the right leaf to lay her caterpillar
at it.
Since it's going to be her baby's food.
Nice!
I can't believe that this turns into this.
Isn't it great that Jehovah designed so many wonderful things for us to discover?
That shows how much he loves us.
I can't wait to be in paradise to study every butterfly that Jehovah has designed.
For me, it's so many amazing things.
What's your favorite?